{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh15180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 Harry Weeks\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\b \cf0 \
\
Web Design Fundamentals	
\f1\b0  							  
\f2\b Quiz 1
\f1\b0 \
\
\

\fs22 1.  The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) develops and publishes web standards and guidelines called __________________.  A\
\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0   A. Recommendations\
  B. Optimizations\
  C. Recipes\
  D. Protocols\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 2. Which of the following is 
\f2\b not 
\f1\b0 a reason to use web standards?  A\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0   A. Content is accessible to non-standards-compliant browsers\
  B. Easier to update and maintain web sites\
  C. To ensure web sites display consistently\
  D. To provide assurance of safety for consumers\
  E. Improved search engine rankings\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 3. __________________ is the language often used as the 
\f2\b behavior
\f1\b0  component of web standards.
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f3 \cf0 \uc0\u8194 \u8194 \u8194 
\f1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 4. __________________ is the language often used as the 
\f2\b presentation
\f1\b0  component of web standards.\
\
5. __________________ is the language often used as the 
\f2\b structural
\f1\b0  component of web standards.\
\
\
6. What does HTML stand for?\

\fs20  hyper text markup language\
\
\
\

\fs22 7. An opening tag, content, and closing tag are the three parts of an HTML _________________.  \
\
\
8. Which of the following is a correct file name for an HTML document?  C\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0  A. my first page.html\
 B. My First Page.html\
 C. my_first_page.html\
 D. my_first_page\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
9. Any content that is meant to be visible on the page should be enclosed within an opening and closing __________________ tag.  C\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0  A. head\
 B. content\
 C. body\
 D. wrapper\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 10. What is \'93quirks\'94 mode and when does it occur?\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 11. Which are the three DOCTYPEs available when using HTML and XHTML? C\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 A. frameset, standard, strict\
B. frameset, strict, transitional\
C. transitional, standard, strict\
D. transitional, frameset, standard\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	\
\
12. What does the DOCTYPE 
\f2\i define
\f1\i0  for an HTML or XHTML document?\
describes the type of html that will be used\
\
\
13. What does the \'93X\'94 is XHTML stand for? D\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0  A. eXtreme\
 B. eXtensible\
 C. XQuery\
 D. XML\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
14.  T or  F  When writing XHTML, all tags and attributes 
\f2\b must
\f1\b0  be lowercase. T\
\
\
15.   T or  F  When writing XHTML, all tags do 
\f2\b not
\f1\b0  have to be closed. F\
\
\
16. When writing XHTML, all attribute values should be written like ______________. C\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0  A. href(http://google.com)\
 B. href=http://google.com\
 C. href=\'94http://google.com\'94\
 D. href=<http://google.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
17. What is it called when one element is inside another element?  A\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0  A. Roosting\
 B. Nesting\
 C. Perching\
 D. Chilling\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
18.  T or  F  When writing XHTML, a namespace should 
\f2\b always
\f1\b0  be declared. T\
\
\
19.  T or  F  When writing XHTML, the 
\f2\b <meta />
\f1\b0  element should be used for character encoding. F\
 \
\
20. When writing an XHTML document, the __________________ should always be present at the very beginning of the document. A\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0  A. DOCTYPE\
 B. <html>\
 C. <body>\
 D. <head>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 21. Describe the difference between block-level and inline elements, in regards to document flow
\fs20 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf0 block level creates large blocks of content like paragraphs or page divisions.\
a inline element is an element that define text or data in the document.
\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs22 22.  T or  F  Structured markup means tags should 
\f2\b describe
\f1\b0  the content they contain.  T\
\
23.  T or  F  Semantic markup means tags should establish an 
\f2\b information
\f1\b0  
\f2\b hierarchy
\f1\b0 .  T\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 24. Comments in XHTML should be written like ______________. A\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0  A. <!-- This is a comment --!>\
 B. <!-- This is a comment -->\
 C. <!-- This is a comment -- />\
 D. <! This is a comment >\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
25. Explain what the W3C Validation Service does and how it determines which rules to follow?
\f3 \uc0\u8194 
\f1 \
it makes guidelines so that webpages are available on every browser and will be compatible with what is to come as well\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\b \cf0 \
\
Turn In\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
When you have completed this quiz: \
\
Save this file as 
\f4 wdf????_lastnamefirstinitial_quiz_1.doc
\f1  (Replace ???? with your class number. i.e. 1003 which is the YYMM format)\
Zip your file\
Submit your zipped file to the drop-box specified by the Course Director\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
}